---
title: What's with the project status in the header?
layout: post
---

I'm trying something new. Call it an Automated Negative Reinforcement Procrastination Embarrassment Engine. The <abbr title="Automated Negative Reinforcement Procrastination Embarrassment Engine">ANRPEE</abbr> is a device situated at the very top of my personal site, serving a number of purposes.

One, it gives me somewhere to update the status of any work in progress projects without spamming Twitter and without turning the blog feed itself into a commit log.

Two, it sits there. Looking at me. Staring. Judging. Why haven't you updated me? Why haven't you officially released this thing that I am sat here, very publicly announcing to be a work in progress, when in fact you finished it weeks ago? Why haven't you shaved? Look at you, sat in your filthy man-cave. Update me, you disgusting hipster. Make me an accurate representation of the state of your projects.

Three, it lets me document failures as well as successes. Projects such as Tzatziki, which was intended to be an API documentation tool that verified your documentation against a live API, and which turned out to have an absurdly hairy and unpleasant syntax. Turns out it really is easier to just write good tests _and_ write good documentation.

I don't expect to update it every day, or even every week - the vast majority of my open source work is done in my own time, which can at times be very limited. But I do expect to update it whenever I make progress, and to ensure that it reflects reality.

I'm going to limit the items listed to single projects, or major features of larger projects. I'll experiment a little with how to split out new features for previously-shipped projects, as well as how to separate and archive failures. And to ease the transition, I'm giving myself a relatively blank canvas to start with.